Subject: [Report] PTQ , Top 4
Date: Sun, 23 Aug 1998 22:40:22 -0700
From: Jeff Cunningham <kcunning@direct.ca>
To: fkusumot@ix.netcom.com

Hello everyone......
Blah blah blah, went to a PTQ, blah blah blah...
Just a few things, It cost *38$* (canadian) to play!! WTF??!

I open my deck, wow, it's AMAZING. Like all the shadow you can eat and more,
roll etc... But then the deck I get passed is pretty damn good as well. Only
two shadows but a Fan and a Torture Chamber (!) (:D)... Funny cuz 3 other
ppl at my 6 person table also got one :/. No decklist cuz I can't remember.
RWB Weenies, Fatties, Enchantments, good Removal. Oh yeah, and the chamber
;D. Oh, and the bad news, my good stuff is all spread out so I hafta use
6,6,6 (Devil Number!!!) for my land ratio! :/
I am practicing outside for round 1 with my bud Johnno Randle and we are
like 50/50, whenever I draw the chamber I win and whenver I don't I lose. I
also see him looking at some guys deck that is like amazing red and stuff
like that...
<round 1>
That Guy with the Amazing Red (sorry! forgot your name!)
Game 1-
Weenie beatdown. Fan you out.
Game 2-
I believe it was weenies then when he used his resources to kill em I dueted
them back. Beats. Torture chamber came into play me thinks.

Play of the Match:
In the second I had a Spinal Grafted venerable monk and Attacked, he blocks
and ANOINTS my guy. I'm like uh... ohkay so your guy dies and mine stays cuz
anoint doesn't target. Tings!

Match : 1-0 Games - 2-0

Round 2...
Fight!

Josh Lytle of Team Seattle Thunder
(To join the team give josh 5$)
(yes, I am serious)
Game 1-
Beats. More beats. Beats. He stalls me for a bit with Mindless Automaton but
I pull a Banish!
Game 2-
He double mulligans I think. He gets hosed. I beat down. :D

Play of the Match:
Um.. Can't remember :/

Match : 2-0 Games - 4-0

Round 3-
Jason Wolfe.
He has a really great deck, Orim, Lotsa fat, Constant mist + more...

Game 1-
My opening hand, 2 Land, 5 good 3cc cards (chamber!!). I keep it. He busts
out d00d after d00d while I can't draw a land in 5 turns. I do however
manage to put up defense in the form of Wall of Essence and that stalls him
until I pick up a third land on my 7th turn. Torture chamber. Kill that,
that that oh and that and why not that?? It kills EVERYTHING. Then I banish
his rootbreaker and we stall. I kill his Spike Colony (I think) with a
spinal graft then torture ping, he tries to kor chant! tings. Eventually
(since he had a mana sink (elvish fury)) He casts a vineyard. Little does he
know.. I'm holding a FAN! Tings! :D Eventually a soltari visionary takes off
all his pacifisms and stuff. I win. Oh yeah, he bust out an orim w/ fat
pants but I charm the pants off of him with my visonary and then fan it! :D

Game 2- I just wail on him. He constant mists but we all know that can't go
on forever.

Play of the Match:
Coming back from land **** and that vineyard thing.

Match = 3-0 Games = 6-0

Brian Hubble: "WHO'S NEXT???!!!"

Round 4-
I play friend Jonno Randle. I'm afraid of his deck. He's afraid of my
torture chamber. We draw (we need to win 1 out of next 2 probly)
Match = 3-0-1 Games = 6-0-1

Play of the Round: Game 2 (for fun) I draw a torture chamber and 4 land
after mulliganing down to 5 and kick his ass. God I love that card.

Round 5- David Baxter
He asks me to draw and when I decline he explains to me that his deck is
very broken and if I don't draw I will probly lose (he is 4-0). He must soon
know of the power of torture chamber...

Game 1-
How amusing. I get torture chamber and he STILL kicks my ass! What a madman!
He slaughters my d00ds like nobody's business!!

uh oh

I need 4-0-2 (maybe even 5-1) to make top 8

Game 2- I'm a madman! I beat him like a rented mule *. I am so good!

*May not actually be true.
** Oponent may have been manascrewed

heh

Game 3-
He gets me against the wall early. I put up a quick defense and a torture
chamber (for which he has a shatter but has yet to draw it). The game goes
to a stalemate, I am at 1 (i think) and he is 8 (Slaughter BB, Slaughter BB,
Slaughter BB, Slaughter) . He has slaughtered all my defense and has just
played two 2/2s and a 2/1. Uh oh. In my head : DRAW FAN DAMN IT DRAW FAN.
Put counter on chamber... PICK UP!!

not a fan.

A STAUNCH DEFENDER!!!!!!!! YYYYEEAAH!!

I drop the badass, kill the 2/1 Thalakos Scout, he bounces it back to his
hand...
Whew!
Next turn he drops a SKYSHROUD VAMPIRE.
I'm just like "d00d". I know for sure it's gonna kill me next turn (scout)
Oh god.. FAN FAN FAN. no creature removal left in deck. FAN FAN FAN. COME
ON.. COME ON.. FUNNNNGGG..

I pick up...!

Not a fan.

A SPINAL GRAFT

graft! Torture chambre!! =D!!!

Eventually I stablalize the game, killing both of his creatures and hitting
him with the staunch... he gets down to 5. He has out a rootwater hunter and
scout. I attack... he takes it... I torture the scout back into his hand...
His turn... Pickup... Sabertooth wyvern.. :/. This is sorta bad. At this
point I'm at 3 from I dunno and with that and timmy out he can block + kill
my staunch and attack + kill me next turn. No! No! No!!!

DAMMIT.

PLEASE DECK.

FAN.

FAN.

FAN.

I pickup......!

not a fan.

A cannabalize.

...

TINGS!!!!!

Cannabalize your wyvern onto tim, ping it in response. KILL YOU.

KILL YOU.

YEAH!!!

=D

Plays of the Round:
You figure it out ;D.

Match = 4-0-1 Games = 8-1-1

Round 6-
Can't remember name. Oriental kid. Nice guy. (a tad scrubby though) :P
We abuse the intentional draw rule. (good thing, we played for fun and he
beat me bad.)

I am in 6th seed. I am really happy cuz I've been 9th like twelve times or
something (last week for one, at the Vancouver Open) Friend Jonno Randle is
9th :~0.Friend Julian Fane is 2-2 drop. Friend anthony jusssst missed top 8
with an AMAZING deck (Torture chamber, 9 shadow i think, Ogre shaman,
Slaughter, like 4 more broken cards)

The Draft...
Rochester style.
I don't really have much rochester experience but feel ok about it. I start
off trying to get blue but the guy to my left seems to love it as well. I
don't get any amazing first or second picks to define my colour and my pack
had crap so I'm sorta all over the place. The guy to my left takes the same
colour I pick. No matter friggin what. I stop taking blue (so he can have it
and we won't fight) and he decides he doesn't want it either. I start white
and he wants some too. (needless to say in the end his deck is crap)...
anyways, I stop taking blue when the guy to my right takes a tradewind and
begins to hoard it. I decide on white because only one and maybe two other
people at the table had taken any of it. The guy to my left open like the
BEST pack, with a helm roll maruader etc... I get really hosed in the first
pack. In pack two I sorta commit to R/W but begin to change my mind when I'm
getting like last pick elven rites and stuff. I begin to dabble in green. In
exodus is when I get like my only good stuff. 2 Reckless Ogre, 2 Soul
Warden, 2 Maniac Rage and other various good/decent stuff. My deck looks
really crappy and I end up having to splash green just to get enough cards :~~0.
Oh well. :/. If I get a good draw I can just plow through an opponent but I
HAVE NO BUYBACK. I HAVE NO GAMEBREAKERS. I HAVE NO BURN. I know, I know I
suck...

Quarterfinals-
Guy I played round 1.
He has green red fat with way too many spikes for any one man and an ogre
shaman.
Game 1-
I bust out. I play a Samite Blessing on a creature with a Reckless ogre out
and he continues to chump block it (and I prevent dmg) and then eventually
kindles it. I proceed to bust out Canyon wildcat and Cloudchaser while his
jackalope herd is all over the place.
I won a game!! ;D
Game 2- He is mana stunted a little. Turn 1 Soul Warden, Turn 2 Wildcat turn
3 Watchdog i think. I beat him down for a while before he gets to 4 land. To
make a short story shorter He couldn't do anything about my evasion weenies
and I get him down 7. He topdecks... LAnd number 5. Drops it. Ogre shaman.
So this is the situation.>>>

He has just cast a shaman. I have like 59867 creatures out and so does he. I
have a soul warden out and am at 32. I have a Canyon Wildcat, Welkin Hawk
and Cloudchaser out. He says go. Untap, hit you for 5, you're down to 2. He
says aloud I need to draw a land. I'm like uhh... (he can just kill my other
two, take 1 from hawk then kill it and basiclly win the game (I have no
decent removal). He's like "I don't think I can win". He draws .. I go "no
land?". He goes damn no land. I extend the hand "uhh good game?". He shakes.
YuP! Scooooop.

=D.

In other news, random chinese kid beat the guy with a really good R/B deck.

jackson wong beats jeff fung (both fairly good blue/x decks but wong has the
tradewind).

Song ly beats up that guy that stole all my stuff and was playing a deck
like worse than any sealed deck in the world...

Semis...

Random Chinese Kid...

Longest suckiest games of my life. Our match took like 2 hours.

Game 1.
I beat him to like 1.
He decks me.

Game 2. I beat him to 2. I stall a bit. He plays a keeper of the light and
gains about 980695756067 life throughout the game...
He kills me with a giant armored pegasus before i can deck his ass.
I learn after that he only played 14 land :[.

Song ends up winning...

Oh well.
I get like 3/4 of a box and that is ok by me...

maybe next time....:/

Propz
*Torture Chamber -:D
*Random Chinese Kid - Despite the fact that you beat me you were a really
nice guy.
*Song, winning
*Jonno Randle - Drawing with me to get me in essentially and being a good
guy. (he wanted me to wear the flag in my quarters match, heh)
*<person i forgot> - <good thing they did>

$lopz
*Guy who stole all my colours
*me, drafting like a chum (cuz there's no excuse)
* 38$ to get in.. what a scam. :/

Jeff Cunningham
Vancouver BC (CANADA!!!)
ffeJ on IRC
