Subject: Tempest Contructed Tounrey Report - W/r Scroll Weenie
Date: Sun, 01 Feb 1998 23:05:26 -0800
From: Karen & Dan Cunningham <kcunning@direct.ca>
To: fkusumot@ix.netcom.com

Hey Hey Hey
All Tempest hasn't really been played much yet so no one is really sure what
to play. I had prepared to use this deck for a long time in all tempest so I
felt okay with it. And to top it off, all the name players were away in
Seattle this weekend so I had an excellent chance of winning. This is the
first all Tempest tourney in vancouver as well as being sanctioned.

YanyWayz...

"THE DECK" (Brian Weissman's The Deck is the other DECK)
**********
4 Soltari Priest (Da Bom)
4 Soltari Monk - Good against black shadow dex
4 Disenchant - Damn scrolls (and Prayers, Humilities and Propagandas)
4 Fireslinger - I think these good
4 Lightning Blast - Helped a lot, might take out 1 for a Knight though
4 Mogg Fantic - Soo Good
4 Cursed Scroll - THE card. Won like every second game.
3 Staunch Defenders - Very Very Good. I actually used these only as a
replacement for the Knights od Dawns I decided to put in but they kicked so
much ass
1 Knight of Dawn - Very Smooth
4 Kindle - Staples
4 Scabland
13 Plains
7 Mountain.

I liked the Mana Ratio

SideBoard
4 Cop Green - Sucked
2 Cop Red - Were pretty good
3 Light of Day - Didn't use
4 Boil - Didn't use
2 Oppurtunits-  quick replacement for Cloudchaser cuz I forgot it.
Ironcially the card I sided in most

As you can see the sideboard sucked bad.

Pre Tourney Blah Blah Blah
* Does not contain "useful" or "relevant" information, skip down a little if
you want that crap *

So I'm chillin at Jasar's house right? everything is all cool and then he's
like "You wanna cheese string?". I'm all "no thanx. THose are nasty"  I go
down to the fridge with him and he has like a crate so I'm like "Whoa
[Freak]". He grabs 3 then we go upstairs. Play a few games in Draft and I
whup his ass (despite a mediocre deck (: ). He goes down to the fridge again
and gets 9 cheese strings (YES! This *IS* True). He eats them all in under 5
minutes and then hardly a minute later, asks me if I want some cuz damn,
he's got a craving.
It's Adam's addcition to Fig Newtons all over again...Ahh!!
Oh yeah and My T2 deck wins more games.

I wake up at 11:30 and Jasar calls and tells me he's picking me up in 15
minutes so I grab my stuff and off we go.

When we get in the car (his sister is driving us) I see his sister munching
on a cheese string and a few wrappers on the ground.
<Psycho music plays>

<End pretourney Blah>

We get there just as the tourney starts and I finish my deck and Jasar makes
this crappy blue deck (well not *THAT* bad).

There are 10 people, no name players. It's round robin.

Round 1
Cory - R/G land destruction. Kills with Pincher Beetles (?!)
Game 1
I rock his world with Priests and Scroll. However he Winter's Grasps my 4
Mountian on turn 14...
Game 2
Like game 1 except I was slowed down a bit when he stoned a few plains.

Games: 2-0 Matches 1-0

Jasar Elarar - U crap. Using Flymarids and Horned Turtle.
Game 1 -
I'm embarrassed to say I was getting the horned turtle beatdown but I was.
Then he plays a gemstone mine.... .... .... ?!!
The tounament operator is watching and he says "You should be ejected but
since it IS a small tourney I will let you just lose the match."
Oh well. My boils would have wrecked him anyways though.

Games : 4-0 Matches: 2-0
Eugene - U/g ????
He doesn't have a SB. He is playing with Mettalic Slivers and Manakins.
Do I have to explain?

Games: 6-0 Matches:3-0

Fred - 5 Colour Good Stuff
-------------------
At first I'm like Wow, he's playing 5 colours..YES!
But his deck was pretty good. Lobotomies wrecked me.

Game 1
---------
Just manage to win with a cursed scroll after all my creatures get removed
and all my lightning blasts lobotomized.

Game 2
I have 1 land for 8 turns but manage to come back since he has no non scroll
permanents anyways. He plays his third kindle on a monk and in my hand I
have three kindles in my hand so I'm real happy. He goes "Lobotomy". Crrrapp!!!
He lobotomizes me again but all I'm holding is 5 land.
In the end I draw like 9 land in a row and he draws like 7 in a row until he
gets a rolling thunder and I die miserably.
Game 3
I just beat him down really early with Sligh Curve
Fanatic,- Slinger,- Opputunitis,- Monk and Slinger

Games - 8-1 MAtches- 4-0

Round 5
Steve - Sligh
Game 1 -
Beat him with a priest he can't kill
Game 2-
Beat him with a scroll he can't kill ( and a Cop Red which saved me)
Games - 10-1 Matches: 5-0

ROund 6
John Fisher - G/r beatdown
He goes
1: Fanatic
2: Musc Sliver
3: Musc Sliver, Fanatic
4: Dryad, Dryad
And then like Kindle kindle kindle kindle kindle kindle kindle

Game 2
I draw three plains and cop green and cop red but he swarms me.
(oh yeah and he had out 2 Havoc)

Damn!

Games: 10-3 Matches : 5-1

??? - Deck like mine except with red medallions (?!) and Orim Samite healer
No scrolls
Game 1
He beats me when I only get 3 spells and 17 land.

Game 2
I rock his world with double scroll action
Even though he had Red Cops out.
Game 3
Sligh Curve from a few rounds back comes to save Jeff! Yay!

Games - 12- 4 Matches- 6-1

Round Whatever
Some Guy- Some Deck
I kicked his ass
(whadda ya want me to say!?)
(first game was sort of close though)
Games 14-4 Matches- 7-1

Mike MacPhee - R/G beatdown
He is 8-0 but my tiebreak is better so If I win then I *Win*.
We decide to split though.
Too bad, we played after and I game him a harsh beating. Oh well 25$ is
nothing to scoff at I guess.

Props -
Mishra's - Very cool store
Guy who traded me Arabians city for crap
Fred- A nice original deck

Slops -
Jasar and his cheese string - crappy deck ways
Cory who trades his pop and 5.50 for two packs of fifth and got crap. NEVER
buy fifth. NEVER.
Julian's Physics teacher who loaded him up with so much homework he couldn't
come today.

Jeff Cunningham
Vancouver BC
kcunning@direct.ca


Jeff "The MAN" (Olle Rade is the other MAN) Cunningham
